README.md, before:

# Top 100 Interview Programming Questions

Welcome to Top 100 Interview Programming Questions! This repository, written in Dart, is dedicated to solving the top
100 interview programming questions sourced
from [this article](https://shirsh94.medium.com/top-100-interview-programming-questions-that-asks-many-times-5c5bf36449ab).

Additional tests are added to ensure code accuracy.

**Implementation**: 71 out of 100 questions completed.  
**Test coverage**: 71 out of 100 questions completed.

### Run tests

You can run tests with

```bash
dart test
```

### Programming Questions

#### Random

1. [<b>Swap variable</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/swap.dart)
   Swap two variables without using a third variable.
2. [<b>Sort array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/sort_array.dart)
   Sort an array without using sort function.
3. [<b>Second-largest element in array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/second_largest_element.dart)
   Find second-largest element in array.
4. [<b>N prime numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/n_prime_numbers.dart)
   Generate first N prime numbers.
5. [<b>Reverse string</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/reverse_string.dart)
   Reverse given string without loop or reverse function.
6. [<b>Add matrices</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/add_matrix.dart)
   Add two matrices.
7. [<b>Count character occurrence</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/count_character_occurrence.dart)
   Count occurrences of characters in a given string.
8. [<b>Number to words</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/number_to_words.dart)
   Convert given number to words.
9. [<b>Matching characters in two strings</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/matching_characters.dart)
   Find matching characters in two strings.
10. [<b>Vowels & Consonants counter</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/count_vowels_consonants.dart)
    Count number of vowels and consonants in give string.
11. [<b>Factors</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/factors_of_number.dart)
    Find factors of a given number.
12. [<b>Fibonacci numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/fibonacci_numbers.dart)
    Generate first n fibonacci numbers.
13. [<b>LinkedList node by index</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    Get nth node of LinkedList.
14. [<b>Search node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/search_node_linked_list.dart)
    Get index of node in LinkedList.
15. [<b>Remove special characters</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_special_characters.dart)
    Remove special characters from given string without regex.
16. [<b>Find missing and duplicate_number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/find_missing_and_duplicate.dart)
    Find missing and duplicate number from give array.
17. [<b>String permutations</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/string_permutations.dart)
    Find all permutations of given string.
18. [<b>Valid Sudoku</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/valid_sudoku.dart)
    Determine if a 9 x 9 Sudoku board is valid.
19. [<b>Check palindrome number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_palindrome.dart)
    Check if given number is palindrome (without converting to string).
20. [<b>Average of array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/average_of_array.dart)
    Calculate the average of all numbers in a given array.
21. [<b>Check leap year</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_leap_year.dart)
    Check if given year is leap year.
22. [<b>Check palindrome number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_palindrome.dart)
    Check if given number is palindrome (without converting to string).
23. [<b>Check narcissistic number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_narcissistic_number.dart)
    Check if given number is narcissistic number (is a number that is the sum of its own digits each raised to the power
    of the number of digits).
24. [<b>Remove duplicates from array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_duplicates_from_array.dart)
    Remove duplicate items from array.
25. [<b>Binary search</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/binary_search.dart)
    Find item index in array using Binary Search.
26. [<b>Sum of natural numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/sum_of_n_natural_numbers.dart)
    Calculate sum of first n natural numbers.
27. [<b>Nearest smaller number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nearest_smaller_numbers_on_left_side_of_array.dart)
    Find nearest smaller numbers of left side of array.
28. [<b>Minimum number of coins</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/minimum_number_of_coins.dart)
    Calculate the minimum number of coins required for value.
29. [<b>Array indices of target sum</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/index_of_two_elements_target_sum.dart)
    Find indices of two numbers with target sum.

#### Array

1. [<b>Remove duplicates from array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_duplicates_from_array.dart)
   Remove duplicate items from array.
2. [<b>Search in rotated array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/search_for_target_value_in_rotated_array.dart)
   Search for target value in rotated array.
3. [<b>Missing number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/find_missing_number_in_array.dart)
   Find missing number in array.
4. [<b>Duplicate number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_number_on_array.dart)
   Find the duplicate number in array.
5. [<b>Smallest & Largest element</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/smallest_and_largest_element.dart)
   Find the smallest and largest element for integer array(list).
6. [<b>Array indices of target sum</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/index_of_two_elements_target_sum.dart)
   Find indices of two numbers with target sum.
7. [<b>Remove duplicates in array in place</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/remove_duplicates_from_array_in_place.dart)
   Remove the duplicate elements from array in place.
8. [<b>Rotate array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/rotate_array.dart)
   Rotate given array by rotation value.
9. [<b>Duplicate elements</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_elements.dart)
   Find duplicate elements from given array.
10. [<b>Index of target element</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/start_and_end_position_of_target_element_in_array.dart)
    Find starting and ending position of a given target value in ascending ordered array.
11. [<b>Longest consecutive subarray</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/longest_consecutive_elements_subarray.dart)
    Find the maximum length of subarray with consecutive elements.
12. [<b>In place QuickSort</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/in_place_quicksort.dart)
    Integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm.
13. [<b>Largest sum of subarray</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/contiguous_subarray_with_largest_sum.dart)
    Contiguous subarray which has the largest sum.
14. [<b>Reverse array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/reverse_array_in_place.dart)
    Reverse given array in place.
15. [<b>Remove duplicates</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/remove_duplicates.dart)
    Remove duplicate elements from array without using special function.
16. [<b>Byte array to String</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/byte_array_to_string.dart)
    Convert a Byte Array to a String.
17. [<b>LinkedList example</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    LinkedList implementation example.
18. [<b>Binary search</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/binary_search.dart)
    Perform binary search in a given array.
19. [<b>Median of sorted arrays merged</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/median_of_two_sorted_arrays_merged.dart)
    Merge two sorted arrays and calculate median.
20. [<b>Duplicate elements</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_elements.dart)
    Find duplicate elements from given array.

#### Linked List

1. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
   Reverse a LinkedList.
2. [<b>Add element in middle</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/insert_node_in_middle_of_linked_list.dart)
   Add an element in the middle of Linked List.
3. [<b>Intersection of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/intersection_of_linked_list.dart)
   Find the node at which the intersection of two Linked List begins.
4. [<b>Palindrome Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/palindrome_linked_list.dart)
   Check if a given linked list is a palindrome.
5. [<b>Middle of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/middle_of_linked_list.dart)
   Find the middle element of a Linked List.
6. [<b>Cycle Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/cycle_in_linked_list.dart)
   Check if a given linked list contains a cycle.
7. [<b>Third last node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/third_last_node.dart)
   Find the third node from the end in a Linked List.
8. [<b>Sum of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sum_of_two_linked_list.dart)
   Sum of two Linked List.
9. [<b>Delete List Node by value</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/delete_linked_list_nodes_by_value.dart)
   Delete all occurrences of a given ListNode by value in given LinkedList.
10. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
    Reverse a LinkedList.
11. [<b>Sort Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sort_linked_list.dart)
    Sort given LinkedList in ascending order.
12. [<b>LinkedList example</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    LinkedList implementation example.
13. [<b>Remove nth last node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_nth_last_node.dart)
    Remove nth node from the end of a Linked List.
14. [<b>Merge Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/merge_two_sorted_linked_list.dart)
    Merge two sorted Linked List.
15. [<b>Linked List To BST</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sorted_linked_list_to_binary_search_tree.dart)
    Convert a sorted Linked List to a Binary Search Tree.
16. [<b>Linked List Partition by x</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/linked_list_partition_test.dart)
    Partition a linked list by a value x, placing nodes less than x before those greater than or equal to x.
17. [<b>Remove duplicates (Sorted Linked List)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_duplicates_from_sorted_linked_list.dart)
    Remove duplicate nodes from a sorted Linked List.
18. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
    Reverse a LinkedList.
19. [<b>Remove duplicates (Unsorted Linked List)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_duplicates_from_unsorted_linked_list.dart)
    Remove duplicate nodes from an unsorted Linked List.
20. [<b>Length of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/length_of_linked_list.dart)
    Find the length of a Linked List.

#### String

1. [<b>Reverse String (In place)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_string_in_place.dart)
   Reverse a given string in place.
2. [<b>Find duplicate characters</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/duplicate_characters_in_string.dart)
   Find duplicate characters from a string.

Commit message:

Check if two strings are anagrams of each other.

README.md, after:

# Top 100 Interview Programming Questions

Welcome to Top 100 Interview Programming Questions! This repository, written in Dart, is dedicated to solving the top
100 interview programming questions sourced
from [this article](https://shirsh94.medium.com/top-100-interview-programming-questions-that-asks-many-times-5c5bf36449ab).

Additional tests are added to ensure code accuracy.

**Implementation**: 72 out of 100 questions completed.  
**Test coverage**: 72 out of 100 questions completed.

### Run tests

You can run tests with

```bash
dart test
```

### Programming Questions

#### Random

1. [<b>Swap variable</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/swap.dart)
   Swap two variables without using a third variable.
2. [<b>Sort array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/sort_array.dart)
   Sort an array without using sort function.
3. [<b>Second-largest element in array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/second_largest_element.dart)
   Find second-largest element in array.
4. [<b>N prime numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/n_prime_numbers.dart)
   Generate first N prime numbers.
5. [<b>Reverse string</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/reverse_string.dart)
   Reverse given string without loop or reverse function.
6. [<b>Add matrices</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/add_matrix.dart)
   Add two matrices.
7. [<b>Count character occurrence</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/count_character_occurrence.dart)
   Count occurrences of characters in a given string.
8. [<b>Number to words</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/number_to_words.dart)
   Convert given number to words.
9. [<b>Matching characters in two strings</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/matching_characters.dart)
   Find matching characters in two strings.
10. [<b>Vowels & Consonants counter</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/count_vowels_consonants.dart)
    Count number of vowels and consonants in give string.
11. [<b>Factors</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/factors_of_number.dart)
    Find factors of a given number.
12. [<b>Fibonacci numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/fibonacci_numbers.dart)
    Generate first n fibonacci numbers.
13. [<b>LinkedList node by index</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    Get nth node of LinkedList.
14. [<b>Search node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/search_node_linked_list.dart)
    Get index of node in LinkedList.
15. [<b>Remove special characters</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_special_characters.dart)
    Remove special characters from given string without regex.
16. [<b>Find missing and duplicate_number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/find_missing_and_duplicate.dart)
    Find missing and duplicate number from give array.
17. [<b>String permutations</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/string_permutations.dart)
    Find all permutations of given string.
18. [<b>Valid Sudoku</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/valid_sudoku.dart)
    Determine if a 9 x 9 Sudoku board is valid.
19. [<b>Check palindrome number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_palindrome.dart)
    Check if given number is palindrome (without converting to string).
20. [<b>Average of array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/average_of_array.dart)
    Calculate the average of all numbers in a given array.
21. [<b>Check leap year</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_leap_year.dart)
    Check if given year is leap year.
22. [<b>Check palindrome number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_palindrome.dart)
    Check if given number is palindrome (without converting to string).
23. [<b>Check narcissistic number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/check_narcissistic_number.dart)
    Check if given number is narcissistic number (is a number that is the sum of its own digits each raised to the power
    of the number of digits).
24. [<b>Remove duplicates from array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_duplicates_from_array.dart)
    Remove duplicate items from array.
25. [<b>Binary search</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/binary_search.dart)
    Find item index in array using Binary Search.
26. [<b>Sum of natural numbers</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/sum_of_n_natural_numbers.dart)
    Calculate sum of first n natural numbers.
27. [<b>Nearest smaller number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nearest_smaller_numbers_on_left_side_of_array.dart)
    Find nearest smaller numbers of left side of array.
28. [<b>Minimum number of coins</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/minimum_number_of_coins.dart)
    Calculate the minimum number of coins required for value.
29. [<b>Array indices of target sum</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/index_of_two_elements_target_sum.dart)
    Find indices of two numbers with target sum.

#### Array

1. [<b>Remove duplicates from array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/remove_duplicates_from_array.dart)
   Remove duplicate items from array.
2. [<b>Search in rotated array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/search_for_target_value_in_rotated_array.dart)
   Search for target value in rotated array.
3. [<b>Missing number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/find_missing_number_in_array.dart)
   Find missing number in array.
4. [<b>Duplicate number</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_number_on_array.dart)
   Find the duplicate number in array.
5. [<b>Smallest & Largest element</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/smallest_and_largest_element.dart)
   Find the smallest and largest element for integer array(list).
6. [<b>Array indices of target sum</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/index_of_two_elements_target_sum.dart)
   Find indices of two numbers with target sum.
7. [<b>Remove duplicates in array in place</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/remove_duplicates_from_array_in_place.dart)
   Remove the duplicate elements from array in place.
8. [<b>Rotate array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/rotate_array.dart)
   Rotate given array by rotation value.
9. [<b>Duplicate elements</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_elements.dart)
   Find duplicate elements from given array.
10. [<b>Index of target element</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/start_and_end_position_of_target_element_in_array.dart)
    Find starting and ending position of a given target value in ascending ordered array.
11. [<b>Longest consecutive subarray</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/longest_consecutive_elements_subarray.dart)
    Find the maximum length of subarray with consecutive elements.
12. [<b>In place QuickSort</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/in_place_quicksort.dart)
    Integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm.
13. [<b>Largest sum of subarray</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/contiguous_subarray_with_largest_sum.dart)
    Contiguous subarray which has the largest sum.
14. [<b>Reverse array</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/reverse_array_in_place.dart)
    Reverse given array in place.
15. [<b>Remove duplicates</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/remove_duplicates.dart)
    Remove duplicate elements from array without using special function.
16. [<b>Byte array to String</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/byte_array_to_string.dart)
    Convert a Byte Array to a String.
17. [<b>LinkedList example</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    LinkedList implementation example.
18. [<b>Binary search</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/binary_search.dart)
    Perform binary search in a given array.
19. [<b>Median of sorted arrays merged</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/median_of_two_sorted_arrays_merged.dart)
    Merge two sorted arrays and calculate median.
20. [<b>Duplicate elements</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/array/duplicate_elements.dart)
    Find duplicate elements from given array.

#### Linked List

1. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
   Reverse a LinkedList.
2. [<b>Add element in middle</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/insert_node_in_middle_of_linked_list.dart)
   Add an element in the middle of Linked List.
3. [<b>Intersection of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/intersection_of_linked_list.dart)
   Find the node at which the intersection of two Linked List begins.
4. [<b>Palindrome Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/palindrome_linked_list.dart)
   Check if a given linked list is a palindrome.
5. [<b>Middle of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/middle_of_linked_list.dart)
   Find the middle element of a Linked List.
6. [<b>Cycle Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/cycle_in_linked_list.dart)
   Check if a given linked list contains a cycle.
7. [<b>Third last node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/third_last_node.dart)
   Find the third node from the end in a Linked List.
8. [<b>Sum of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sum_of_two_linked_list.dart)
   Sum of two Linked List.
9. [<b>Delete List Node by value</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/delete_linked_list_nodes_by_value.dart)
   Delete all occurrences of a given ListNode by value in given LinkedList.
10. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
    Reverse a LinkedList.
11. [<b>Sort Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sort_linked_list.dart)
    Sort given LinkedList in ascending order.
12. [<b>LinkedList example</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/random/nth_node_linked_list.dart)
    LinkedList implementation example.
13. [<b>Remove nth last node</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_nth_last_node.dart)
    Remove nth node from the end of a Linked List.
14. [<b>Merge Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/merge_two_sorted_linked_list.dart)
    Merge two sorted Linked List.
15. [<b>Linked List To BST</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/sorted_linked_list_to_binary_search_tree.dart)
    Convert a sorted Linked List to a Binary Search Tree.
16. [<b>Linked List Partition by x</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/linked_list_partition_test.dart)
    Partition a linked list by a value x, placing nodes less than x before those greater than or equal to x.
17. [<b>Remove duplicates (Sorted Linked List)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_duplicates_from_sorted_linked_list.dart)
    Remove duplicate nodes from a sorted Linked List.
18. [<b>Reverse Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/reverse_linked_list.dart)
    Reverse a LinkedList.
19. [<b>Remove duplicates (Unsorted Linked List)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/remove_duplicates_from_unsorted_linked_list.dart)
    Remove duplicate nodes from an unsorted Linked List.
20. [<b>Length of Linked List</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/linked_list/length_of_linked_list.dart)
    Find the length of a Linked List.

#### String

1. [<b>Reverse String (In place)</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/string/reverse_string_in_place.dart)
   Reverse a given string in place.
2. [<b>Find duplicate characters</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/string/duplicate_characters_in_string.dart)
   Find duplicate characters from a string.
3. [<b>Anagram string</b>](https://github.com/sharmadhiraj/top-100-interview-programming-questions/blob/main/src/string/anagram_strings.dart)
   Check if two strings are anagrams of each other.
